docs(stacklayout): Revamp Overview article (#1069)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/stacklayout/overview.md

# Blazor StackLayout Overview

> The <a href="https://www.telerik.com/blazor-ui/stacklayout" target="_blank">StackLayout for Blazor</a> is a component that easily allows aligning multiple elements in a vertical or horizontal order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The <a href="https://www.telerik.com/blazor-ui/stacklayout" target="_blank">StackLayout for Blazor</a> is a component that easily aligns multiple elements in a vertical or horizontal order.
```

## Creating Blazor StackLayout

1. Use the `<TelerikStackLayout>` tag to add the component to your razor page.

> 2. Inside the `<TelerikStackLayout>` tag, add the desired custom elements.

Reviewer: This step is not actionable. What are these custom elements? Or what can they be?

3. Set `Width` and `Height`.

> 4. (optionally) Set the `Orientation` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. (optional) Set the `Orientation` parameter.
```

</div>
````

## Layout

The layout is the building block of the StackLayout component. Control its appearance via different parameters. [Read more about the Blazor StackLayout layout]({%slug stacklayout-layout%}).

## StackLayout Parameters

The Blazor StackLayout provides various parameters that allow you to configure the component:

<style>
    article style + table {
        table-layout: auto;
        word-break: normal;
    }
</style>
| Parameter | Type and Default Value | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |

> | `Class` | `string` | The CSS class to be rendered on the main wrapping element of the ToolBar component, which is `<div class="k-stack-layout">`. Use for [styling customizations]({%slug themes-override%}). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Class` | `string` | The CSS class to be rendered on the main wrapping element of the StackLayout component, which is `<div class="k-stack-layout">`. Use for [styling customizations]({%slug themes-override%}). |
```

> | `Height` | `string` | Takes a CSS unit that determines how tall the StackLayout is. See the [Dimensions]({%slug common-features/dimensions%}) article for more details on what units you can use and how dimensions in percent work. |

Reviewer: Strip innecessary verbs. For example -

```suggestion
| `Height` | `string` | The StackLayout height as a CSS unit. See the [Dimensions]({%slug common-features/dimensions%}) article for more details on what units you can use and how percentage dimensions work. |
```

</style>
````

## Next Steps

> * [Configure Layout]({%slug stacklayout-layout%})

Reviewer: Use more keywords in links. In this case, "layout" will be repeated, so we can use something else.

```suggestion
* [Configure StackLayout orientation, spacing and alignment]({%slug stacklayout-layout%})
```
